Woman you gave me material shame
You don't like being cut off from her.
Star?
You still want me to find a wild man to beat you up.
Stop it, idiot.
seduce my daughter in law
am i ok
I'm OK.
Place
A person who carries a heavy burden does not die well.
Ask Kim not to tolerate
Shut up.
Widowed for three years, all the money earned is given to you.
Alright.
Be kind.
One day I did not agree to divorce.
One day as the daughter-in-law of the Trieu family.
Are you a wild man who can be managed?
Are you kidding? You think it's the Qing Dynasty now?
Does divorce still require your consent?
Okay, let's see if you regret it.
poor guy
But are you like your mother-in-law?
All to cure his mother.
So what does it all need?
You licked your face too.
You do not agree with his divorce.
Serves you right.
But my son also compensated me with a head.
Go home and leave one.
Why indulge him?
It was his son's fault.
I can get him pregnant in a few days.
Serious testing
Wait.
This is not over yet.